# SampleProject2
Repository created from work related to CS250: Software Development Lifecycle at SNHU, May/June 2025

For the duration of this course, we engaged in a mock sprint in which we spent time in each possible role. We started as Product Owners, refining customer feedbacks into concise and detailed user stories that clearly outlined what functionalities were necessary for each task to be considered a success. Next, we were Scrum Masters. We spent time refining and prioritizing user stories in preparation of sprint planning, and studying Scrum theory to understand how best we could serve a team in this role. We spent time as developers, making changes to match user stories, then again to match further feedback received. We also spent time as developers creating guidelines for testers, that would ensure every facet of our software was tested aduqately for us to confidently deliver it to a customer. There was little to actually test, but we spent a week as testers thinking through tasks that might be assigned to us and how user story acceptance criteria could become testing guidelines. 
The question of how I personally approach software development in a complicated one, because I haven't ever worked on a huge program or as part of a software development team. On my bigger project thus far, I've unknowingly implemented a combination of the waterful and Agile methodologies. I start from the "main" part of the program and implement programs as they come, but I also ensure the non-stylistic bits work as I go so that my end debugging process is not a true nightmare. In the future, as my projects become bigger and more complex, I'll want to sort the end product into tasks with detailed acceptance criteria.
Being a good team member, in any context, is all about meaningful contribution. You can make a meaningful contribution by communicating, assisting where your expertise is needed, and supplying others with what they need to succeed all without coding a line. You could also spend all of your time coding something but, because you haven't communicated your methods or progress, it won't be userful to the team at all. Communication and alignment are everything when it comes to building something big from complex pieces as a team.
